[REVIEW] Add local gpuCI build and test script (#1420)
rapidsai/cudf: ci/local/README.md

## Purpose

This script is designed for developer and contributor use. This tool mimics the actions of gpuCI on your local machine. This allows you to test and even debug your code inside a gpuCI base container before pushing your code as a GitHub commit.

> 

Reviewer: Suggest adding a prerequisites section here -- e.g. requires nvidia-docker!

> 

Reviewer: Maybe add this? It's a big selling point for me.

```suggestion
The script can be helpful in locally triaging and debugging RAPIDS continuous integration failures.
```

## Usage

```
bash build.sh [-h] [-H] [-s] [-r <repo_dir>] [-i <image_name>]
Build and test your local repository using a base gpuCI Docker image

where:
    -H   Show this help text
    -r   Path to repository (defaults to working directory)
    -i   Use Docker image (default is gpuci/rapidsai-base:cuda10.0-ubuntu16.04-gcc5-py3.6)
    -s   Skip building and testing and start an interactive shell in a container of the Docker image
```

Example Usage:

> `bash build.sh -r ~/rapids/cudf -i gpuci/cuda9.2-ubuntu16.04-gcc5-py3.6`

Reviewer: Is there an option to specify a git repo and branch to pull and build/test? I realize you can do that by checking it out locally and then running the script, but it might be helpful if I'm asked to help triage failures in someone else's PR or branch, for example.

Reviewer 2: +1

Author: I've thought about your comment and I understand why you would want this. However I believe that functionality may be outside the scope of this script. I think what you're asking for would be more easily implemented as a small tool outside the repo itself (with this new tool calling this script in it after git cloning). That is just my viewpoint from a design perspective. Open to your opinions on this.

Reviewer 3: I see @dillon-cullinan 's point, but I'm also wondering if we've scoped this a little too narrow. It wouldn't be hard to add what @harrism and @kkraus14 are asking for, and maybe we just move this script outside of the repo(s) (into a "tools" repo, for example), either now or in a separate PR.

On second though, maybe we just get this script merged now and address this later. I suspect a script this useful will get several more feature requests soon, and we'll be adding functionality often.

Reviewer: I agree this decision can be made in a separate issue and implemented in a separate PR.

Author: @rlratzel I think the main difficulty comes from the fact that some of the repos are a little different in how they are built (mainly due to repo file structure). I think we can use this as a sort of helper to higher level ones that can do what @harrism and @kkraus14 are suggesting.

I'll keep this in mind when expanding functionality.

For a full list of available gpuCI docker images, visit our [DockerHub](https://hub.docker.com/r/gpuci/rapidsai-base/tags) page.

## Information

> There are some caveats to be aware of when utilizing this script, especially if you plan on developing from within the container itself.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are some caveats to be aware of when using this script, especially if you plan on developing from within the container itself.
```

### Docker Image Build Repository

The docker image will generate build artifacts in a folder on your machine located in the `root` directory of the repository you passed to the script. For the above example, the directory is named `~/rapids/cudf/build_rapidsai-base_cuda9.2-ubuntu16.04-gcc5-py3.6/`. Feel free to remove this directory after the script is finished.

*Note*: The script *will not* override your local build repository. Your local environment stays in tact.

### Where The User is Dumped

> The script will build your repository and run all tests. If any tests fail, we dump the user into the docker container itself if you would like to debug from within the container. If all the tests pass as expected the container will be exited and removed automatically. Just remember to exit the container if any tests fail if you do not wish to debug within the container itself.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The script will build your repository and run all tests. If any tests fail, it dumps the user into the docker container itself to allow you to debug from within the container. If all the tests pass as expected the container exits and is automatically removed. Remember to exit the container if tests fail and you do not wish to debug within the container itself.
```

### Container File Structure

> Your repository will be located in the `/rapids/` folder of the container. This folder is volume mounted from your local machine. Any changes to the code in this repository will be replicated onto your local machine. The `cpp/build` directory within your repository is on a separate mount to avoid conflicting with your local build artifacts. The file within the `cpp/build` directory in the container named `build.sh` is a small script that will build your repository from source and run tests.

Reviewer: Consistent tense.

```suggestion
Your repository will be located in the `/rapids/` folder of the container. This folder is volume mounted from the local machine. Any changes to the code in this repository are replicated onto the local machine. The `cpp/build` directory within your repository is on a separate mount to avoid conflicting with your local build artifacts. The file within the `cpp/build` directory in the container named `build.sh` is a small script that builds your repository from source and run tests.
```
